the library story = the story civilization
1 Library Story window
1) Access to information storage tech from primitive times to today 2) The labor and time involved finding and retrieving facts from physical vs. digital information sources 3) Leverage: Dominant vs. Meek (or how the meek inherit the
Earth)
2 Library Story window
1) Access to information storage technology from primitive times to today
a) No Information Storage b) Physical Information Storage c) Digital Information Storage
3 Library Story window
a) No Information Storage
4 1 Library Story window
Without instant, accessible, comprehensive read/write information storage technology we have no choice but to argue facts based on how right we feel about them, like the fact of how to get somewhere when we are lost and have no map.
5 1 Library Story window
Our ancestors paid and we continue to pay a huge cost in the accuracy, complexity, and number of decisions that we can make in the absence of stored, instantly accessible, comprehensive, etc. facts—maps, books, internet, etc.
6 2 Library Story window
Talk is a very, very slow and a very poor method for sharing information. Each word must be heard in order. No scanning ahead to get to the point. No possibility to review what was said, as talk leaves no permanent record behind.
7 2 Library Story window
Failure to pay full attention to every, single, spoken word and remember them all exactly as they where spoken can result in misunderstandings that may be passed on, misunderstood by others, passed on by them, and so on.
8 4 Library Story window
Info-storage technology preserves and transfers information exactly as it was recorded allowing us to reflect vs. argue about stored—written—facts.
9 Library Story window
b) Physical Information Storage
10 1 Library Story window
Even after the invention of information storage technology like maps, most people had to continue relying on unreliable brains and slow talk for most of their information transfer and storage needs.
11 3 Library Story window
Physical information technology—clay and stone tablets, paper, books, etc.—was and continues to be too impractical to rely upon everywhere we need reliable sources of facts (facts written down, not remembered by our unreliable brains).
12 3 Library Story window
This clay tablet has stored a Sumerian government treasury account of silver for 4,500 years! Great! But, imagine Sumerian's getting receipts like this with every purchase! "It'll just be a minute while I create your receipt and bake it in the sun."
13 4 Library Story window
At the dawn of info tech the "problem" of illiterate or uneducated people was then as it is now an info-tech access problem, not a stupid vs. smart people problem.
14 5 Library Story window
With the invention of paper and ink, information storage became much less bulky, and much less time consuming to store. No more long waits for the clay based tech to harden in the sun or a kiln. (Bonus: paper doesn't break when dropped.)
15 5 Library Story window
Paper info-tech can be efficiently stored in books, an information-storage technology for storing lots of paper in an unchanging easily referenced order. Hand written books put a stop to more arguments than tablets, but not by much.
16 6 Library Story window
The invention of printing mechanized the copying of symbols onto paper, increasing the number of available books! But, books have a limited storage capacity. Access to facts in the paper age was an access-to-libraries problem.
17 7 Library Story window
To store information that anyone might need using books requires libraries or very large buildings in which to organize, protect, access, etc. books.