Help Library Reference
Reference Window: List 
1. LibraryÕs full name.
2. Opens folder of a file belonging to attached cite tag.  Upon clicking, user is informed of the name of the file to look for and then the folder is opened to allow the user to scroll to the file. Yellow color indicates a linked file in folder.
3. Opens webpage belonging to attached cite tag. Yellow color indicates web link.
4. Opens file belonging to attached cite tag. Yellow color indicates linked file.
5. Finds all reference records.
6. Opens find window (see   62   above far right).
7. Moves focus to Timer window.
8. Moves focus to Tag Menus window   66   thru    130   .
9. Returns to main Setup or Learn windows, which ever one you came from to the reference section.
10. Creates new reference record.
11. Duplicates a reference record, and then opens edit window allowing you to edit it.
12. Opens edit window.  See 25 above right.
13. Deletes record that is not in use after insuring you really want to delete it by highlighting it red.  Records attached to other records, as references, cannot be deleted.
14. Toggles window through three different sort options to help you find the reference records that you are most interested in working on.
a. Alpha order sorts records by primary keyword, which shows up in big print at the top of each group of reference records.
b. Sort by creation date, which highlights creation date.
c. Sort by most recent modification date, which highlights mod-date.
15. Pulldown menu for selecting or changing the location of the source file (the one the reference refers to) on the computer.  See 53 left. 
16. Opens help window.
17. Reference creation date.
18. Date of last modification to reference.
19. Left color band if green or medium gray, if you have difficulty seeing colors, means that reference will show in the learn section of the library (whose header is this same color).  If this band is yellow or light gray, it will not show up.
20. Right color band if yellow or light grey means you are satisfied with the completeness and accuracy of the reference.  Red or medium dark gray means the reference record is incomplete and/or may contain inaccurate information.
21. When checked, turns  19  green (medium gray) and includes reference in learn section of the library. If someone shares a library with you, you wonÕt want the references of items you have not reviewed cluttering your list references in the learn section.  Click this check box only during or after your review of an item, when you need to reference a quote from the item or your own thoughts and notes and about or inspired by the item.
22. When checked turns right color band yellow (light gray, if you have difficulty seeing color).
23. Left vertical bar indicates inactive reference if dark gray.
a. Record is active if Yellow or light gray, if you have difficulty seeing color.
24. Reference as it will appear when shared with others.
25. Opps, I skipped 25 and went right to 26 in the next column.  In the next version, I will take the time to change change all the numbers and fix this oversight. Sorry for any confusion.

Reference Window: Edit
26. Reference edit window.
27. Returns you to the main reference window.  Click when you are in one of the following fields to identify the copyright holder or holders:     PrimaryNode 42, OtherNodes 43, AuthorListForCitation 44, Editor 54, Publication 62, Publisher 68.
28. Removes formatting from the text in the selected text box.
29. Capitalizes every word in the selected text box.
30. Default primary node at time reference was created.
31. Last modified date and time.
32. Green means Ôshow in learnÕ check box 34 checked: see  19  below left for more information.
33. Red means ÔincompleteÕ check box 35 checked: see 20 below left for more information.
34. Check to show in learn section. See 21 below left for more info.
35. Uncheck when you are satisfied reference is accurate and complete.
36. Display of reference based on fields filled in below it.
37-89. Click on the green, yellow, grey, or black bar next to the item you need to know about in the Reference window and the Reference Field Help window will open.  
Your selections for 37 and 38 create the green and yellow bars on the edge of the reference screen.  They highlight what youÕll need to gather from your referenced item to create a good reference for it. 
Green bars indicate information usually found for the type of reference selected, while yellow bars indicate information that is sometimes available for these reference items. Black indicates that a selection has been made.

Reference Window: Find
90. Finds references by the text in their text boxes and checks in their check boxes.  If you want to find reference records by the tags attached to them, then you need to click the cancel button 91 and then click the find button  in the tag menus window (message informing of this 90a ). 
91. Cancels find.
92. This is the complete reference search box, so you can put almost anything in here that you think might be in the reference or references you wish to find.
93. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into text box.
a. Inserts ÒreplaceÓ in the find text box.  A quote search finds text that matches from the beginning of words only.  For example: The quoted phrase Òcovered the birdsÓ will find, ÒI covered the birdsÕ cage at night,Ó but not, ÒI discovered the birds in the attic.Ó
b. Inserts *ÒreplaceÓ in the find text box.  The star-quote search       *Òcovered the birdsÓ will find both, ÒI discovered the birds in the attic,Ó and, ÒI covered the birdsÕ cage at night.Ó
94. Possible search strategies.  Click to insert into date field.
a. Inserts the greater-than symbol followed by the date shown:      > 1/1/2012.  Replace the date  with your own date to show all records greater than it.
b. Inserts the less-than symbol followed by the date shown:      < 1/1/2012. Replace the date with your own date to show all records less than it.
c. Inserts the two dates shown separated by an ellipse/three periods: 1/01/2012 ... 3/01/2012.  Replace with your own dates to find all records between them.